Any individual or organization (each, a “User”) using Strange Loop Labs AG’s (together with its
subsidiaries and affiliates, "Strange Loop") application blockchain interface platform and
services (“Rollkit”) is granted an additional use grant to allow such User to use the Polaris
software code (which is generally made available at https://github.com/berachain/polaris (the
"Polaris Code") together with Rollkit in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Additional License (as defined below). As part of this additional use grant, Licensor hereby
grants such User a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, non-transferable and non-
sublicensable (in each case other than as permitted under this Additional License) right and
license to use, copy, modify, reproduce, distribute, make production use of, and create, use,
copy, modify, reproduce, distribute, make production use of and otherwise exploit derivative
works of the Polaris Code for the purposes of: creating, distributing, integrating, compiling, and
deploying blockchain rollups via Rollkit and to modify and update Rollkit over time (the
“Additional License”). The Additional License may be sublicensed through multiple tiers to any
User that (a) uses Rollkit or a platform, blockchain or other service developed with or integrating
Rollkit (“Rollkit Developed Platforms”), (b) uses any platform, blockchain or other service
developed using a Rollkit Developed Platform, directly or indirectly or (c) is a service provider,
subcontractor or consultant to any User referenced in clauses (a) or (b). Any use of the Polaris
Code in material violation of the terms of this Additional License by a User will terminate such
User’s rights under the Additional License and all other versions of the Polaris Code if such User
fails to cure such violation within thirty (30) days written notice thereof from Licensor.
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such
terms in the Business Source License 1.1 generally made available at
https://github.com/berachain/polaris/blob/main/eth/LICENSE. For the avoidance of doubt, this
Additional License shall survive the Change Date and the license rights granted to such User
after the Change Date shall not be changed or modified from the Change Date.